### Privacy & Security Considerations
The profiles in this IG are defined to ensure sufficient information to properly search for a previously sent postable remittance.  Implementers submitting requests using this guide must be aware of (and adhere to) their responsibilities with respect to data sharing imposed by regulations such as HIPAA's "minimum necessary" rule, patient consent rules, etc. This may involve allowing providers to review information prior to data transmission to the payer. Implementations **SHALL** permit provider review of data prior to transmission, but **SHALL NOT** require such review.

Some of the data shared as part of the postable remittance process may have associated constraints on the use of that information for other purposes, including subsequent disclosure to other payers, practitioners, policy-holders, etc. L7 FHIR supports conveying this information via security labels on transmitted resources.

In order to make queries about postable remittances, the provider system will need to access the payor system. This will require that the provider system authenticates to the payer system or an intermediary. The specifics of how this authentication is covered is handled within the Da Vinci HRex Implementation guide.  PR Servers **SHOULD** support server-server OAuth and **MAY** support mutually authenticated TLS.  In a future release of this guide, direction will limit the option to server-server OAuth.  Every system implementing the operations in this guide will need to be aware of and follow the guidance in the FHIR Core Specification on [Clinical Safety](http://hl7.org/fhir/safety.html) and the [Security and Privacy page in the Da Vinci HRex guide](http://hl7.org/fhir/us/davinci-hrex/security.html).

Once the system authentication has occurred, the payer will perform any authorization required for the provider to make any queries and retrieval of the postable remittances.